//Unit Icons:
- German Reich
Tiger Tank - Tank by Manuel Dixken from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/tank-960768/

ME-262 - Fighter Jet by Juan Garces from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/fighter-jet-59845/

- USSR
T-34 - Tank by Evgeniy Kozachenko from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/tank-248489/

BM-13 - Rocket Launcher by Souvik Bhattacharjee from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/rocket-launcher-1746288/

- USA
Marine Trooper - Soldier by Rflor from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/soldier-1705289/

- America
M1 Abrams - Tank by Danielle Foti from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/tank-1215272/

- Germany
Morser 16 - Cannon by Firza Alamsyah from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/cannon-3914678/

//Nation Icons:
USSR Icon - Bdeb
https://thenounproject.com/icon/hammer-and-sickle-99798/

German Icon - Iron Cross by Souvik Maity from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/iron-cross-373241/

American Icon - American Eagle by Raymond from NounProject.com
https://thenounproject.com/icon/american-eagle-1053624/


//Music:
German Reich: 
Rise and Fall of Evil - Andreas Waldetoft / Paradox Interactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2kLczU742o&ab_channel=TheSixAtoms

Panzerlied - Kurt Wiehle / Queensland Symphony
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twr2hgHGSHo&ab_channel=QueenslandSymphonyOrchestra-Topic

Deutschlandlied - Joseph Haydn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OyD5GmS6uU&ab_channel=Caboosse16

USSR:
USSR Anthem (Instrumental) -  Alexander Alexandrov
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Qr11YQdLkY&ab_channel=QuranStewart

USSR Anthem 1944 (Remastered) -  Dopalaƒçe BiH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5B9jsYSdKY&ab_channel=Dopala%C4%8DeBiH

The Sacred War - The Alexandrov Red Army Chorus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2N366xn6V4&t=97s&ab_channel=SocialistEast

Souliko - The Alexandrov Red Army Chorus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBQYvzK9YsI&ab_channel=ComradePhantasm

United States of America 
Blood Upon the Risers - US Paratrooper Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWgsdexkv18

Stars and Stripes on Iwo Jimo - Sons of Pioneers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsBLvcu402Q&list=PLNNSEnh4bgcl08rVA9oj36heCnxYQPi5S&index=2&ab_channel=CompanyBtrooper

Battle Hymn of the Republic - John Philip Sousa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0fl0ESCwPs&ab_channel=waldowatcherno298

The Front - Andreas Waldetoft / Paradox Interactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpPGsCfJFWQ&ab_channel=TheSixAtoms